This repo contains the solution to the challenge of Light-It

## Download and Installation

1- Clone the repo with `git clone https://github.com/Marcos-Iorio/light-it-challenge.git`
2- Run `pnpm install` to install all the packages required
3- Run `pnpm dev` to run the local app
4- Go to localhost:3000 in your browser to see the app working
5- Run `pnpm test` to run all the test

## Tech stack

- Next.js
- Typescript
- Tailwind
- Zod(for form validations)
- React Hook Form(for managing the forms)
- Zustand(for managing global states)
- Eslint(for code linting)
- Vitest, React Testing library(to test components, stores, schemas)
- Claude Code

## Codebase

The entry point is the `page.tsx`, a SSR component that fetches all the data from the API and hydrate the `PatientStore` with the data to be available in the whole app.
I put the reusable componentes in unique files and all the related Patient components below a **Patient** folder
The mayority of the types are under `types.ts`.
/utils have useful and reusable utilitarie functions
`__test__` has all the test code generated by Claude Code using the context of all the components.

I want the design to be minimalist and sober, simple, so I choose a creamy color in combination with a English Green for the accents, smooth animation for entry and out of the Modal and Toaster.

I used Zustand to manage stores of Patient, Toaster and Modal to enable globally without generating a provider and making a provider hell in the main file. Zustand allows me to create an Store with logic and called where it's necessary.

Zod + React Hook Form help to create a nice form validation and managing all the data and sumbmitting function.

Toaster, Button and Modal meant to be reusable, fully typed components.

All the styles of the app were made by me without any UI libraries.

I coded the 85% of the codebase by myself, Claude Code in plan mode help me to choose technical decisions and made the test for all the code. All the test passed succesfully.

## Structure

This app is pretty basic so no deep arquitechture is needed, so I go with a main page to display de patients and all the components both UI and page-related are under /components.
Mi favorite folder structure for a nextjs app, is create a separate folder for each page `/app/about-us/page.tsx` and inside this page make the unique componets `/about-us/components/**`
Then add the test inside each component file, this make easier to read and change tests.

Then a general component under /app refering to reusable components or UI components like modal, buttons with their test.

### TODO

- Make a search bar to facilitate the search of a Patient
- Add Localstorage to persist data on re-renders
- Add Docker
- Connect to datadog to retrieve analitycs about cards usage
